Implement issue-5507 - add search_runs_by_name (#5564)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/search-syntax.rst

optional ``DESC`` or ``ASC`` value; the default is ``ASC``. The default ordering is to sort by
``start_time DESC``, then ``run_id``.

> The :py:func:`mlflow.search_runs` can be used to search for runs within specific experiments which
> can be identified by experiment IDs or experiment names, but not both at the same time.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :py:func:`mlflow.search_runs` API can be used to search for runs within specific experiments. Experiments
can be identified by ID or by name, but not both at the same time.

```

Author: Is there a way to accept to accept the suggested change and sing it via GitHub UI? Last time I've accepted one I ended up with an unsigned commit so the build failed
